then Jehoshaphat the king of Judah
returned safely to his house in
Jerusalem and GU the son of Hanani the
seer went out to meet him and said to
King Jehoshaphat should you help the
wicked and love those who hate the Lord
therefore the wrath of the Lord is upon
you nevertheless good things are found
in you in that you have removed the
wooden images from the land and have
prepared your heart to seek God
so Jehoshaphat dwelt at Jerusalem and he
went out again among the people from
Beersheba to the mountains of Ephraim
and brought them back to the Lord God of
their fathers
then he set judges in the land
throughout all the fortified cities of
Judah city by city and said to the
judges take heed to what you are doing
for you do not judge for man but for the
Lord who is with you in the judgement
now therefore let the fear of the Lord
be upon you take care and do it for
there is no iniquity with the Lord our
God no partiality not taking of bribes
or / in Jerusalem for the judgment of
the Lord and for controversies
Jehoshaphat appointed some of the
Levites and priests and some of the
chief fathers of Israel when they
returned to Jerusalem and he commanded
them thus you shall act in the fear of
the Lord faithfully and with a lawyer
heart whatever case comes to you from
your brethren who dwell in their cities
whether a bloodshed or offenses against
law or commandment against statutes or
ordinances you shall warn them lest they
trespass against the Lord and wrath come
upon you and your brother in due
this and you will not be guilty and take
notice a Mariah the chief priest is over
you in all matters of the Lord and
zebediah the son of Ishmael the ruler of
the house of Judah for all the kings
matters also the Levites will be
officials before you behaved
courageously and the Lord will be with
the good